SPCTR-3524 Global - Resolved an issue wherein the custom-template/wooCommerce product cat/taxonomy styles would not load as intended in FSE theme. (#3608)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Tabs - Resolved an issue in which the tabs wrapper margin would appear differently in the editor and the front-end.
* Fix: Icon List - Resolved an issue wherein the vertical layout alignment would not appear as intended in the editor's tablet view. 
* Fix: FAQ - Resolved an issue wherein the block content padding would appear differently in the editor and the front-end.

> * Fix: Global - Resolved an issue of custom template style not loading issue in FSE theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein the custom template-styles would not load as intended in FSE theme.
```
OR
```suggestion
*Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein the WooCommerce and custom template-styles would not load as intended in FSE theme.
```

Author: Done
